Dipforge Cloud
==============

Dipforge is an Open Source Application server focused on Rapid Enterprise 
Development. This means that it is a platform focused on enabling enterprises
to rapidly develop solutions that suite their requirements without having to
focus on how they solve their problems. It focuses on method over 
configuration, this means that it supplies a common way of developing solutions
rather than gluing complex components together to form a solution.

It provides a Web Based IDE which enables developers to collaborate on 
solutions and work together more effectively. This also means that rather
than maintaining multiple complex development environments on developers
personal PCâ€™s only one complex environment need be maintained and developers
than access the environment via their browsers. This drastically reduces
complexity.

The Rapid Development technology is built around a dynamic typing engine 
(based on RDF which is a standard for defining graphing data and semantic
information) and an enterprise service bus. The dynamic typing engine provides
a mechanism to define the common types that will be used throughout the
solutions. This means that all systems talk the same language to each other
without the need for complex translation systems. The typing system also
supplies the means to change the types on the fly without the need to
re-compile any affected areas. This removes the dread re-deploy process that
plagues traditional enterprise development.

The enterprise service bus acts as the glue within the system and is powered by
the dynamic typing engine. Changes to data result in the ESB executing the
appropriate business process to handle the action. The business processes are
defined in a custom programming language (domain specific language or dsl) this
enables developers to write code rather than have to work with clunky drag and
drop environments or complex XML than hinder development.

All of this means that out the box Dipforge supplies all the plumbing required
implement complex solutions for the enterprise. As a result developers can
focus their valuable time on what is required rather than how to do it.

